Mummy pig is dressed as a fireman.
Mummy, why are you dressed like that?
I’m going to the
mummy’s fire engine practice.
wow
This is just a good excuse
for a cup of tea and a chat.
Well, what are you
doing today, daddy pig?
I’ve got a very important meeting
with the daddy’s football team.
That’s just a lot of grown- up
boys kicking a football around.
We are having a barbecue as well.
Here are Mr. Bull, Mr. Rabbit,
Mr. Pony and Mr. Zebra.
Moo, is Daddy pig coming out to play?
Come on!
Mummy, can we see the fire engine?
Yes!
Oh, goodie!
This is Miss. Rabbit’s fire station.
Hello, Peppa and George.
Come and see the fire engine.
Fire engine!
There is a ladder for climbing, a hose
for squirting water,and a big bell to ring.
Dingdong dingdong!
Now, let’s go up to the
tower and look for fires.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Peppa! Hello, George.
Oh, who’s for a nice cup of tea and a chat?
That sounds nice.
A telephone!
Peppa, that is the fire phone.
It’s only to be used when there is a fire.
Ah, fire! Fire!
Fire station, where is
the fire? Where is the fire?
Can I speak to Mummy pig, please?
Oh, it’s Daddy pig.
Daddy pig, you are not supposed to ring
on this phone.It’s only for emergencies
This is an emergency.I can’t find
the tomato ketchup  anywhere.
Daddy pig, shall I start to barbecue now?
Yes, please, Mr. Rabbit.
Do be careful with the
barbecue, daddy pig.
Trust me, mummy pig.We daddies
know all about barbecues. Bye!
Maybe it needs more charcoal.
Give it a bit of blow.
Put a few more fire lighters on.
Now, we just have to wait for a fire.
How long do we have to wait?
Oh, it could be a long time.
I’ve been waiting ages.
How many fires have you
actually put out, Miss Rabbit?
None, not one fire,
but you’ve got to be ready.
It’s the fire phone.
Can you answer it, Peppa?
It’ll probably be your daddy again.
Ok!
Hello, fire station.
Hello, Peppa.
Oh, daddy, it is you! You’re very
naughty. This phone is for fires only.
Can you put Miss Rabbit on,
please? That’s a good girl!
Daddy wants to speak to you.
Hello, daddy pig. This phone is
only to be used when there is a…
Fire! Fire!
Oh, dear, daddy pig’s barbecue is on fire.
Mummies to the rescue!Wee …
Wee …
Hold tight!Wee …
Fire! Fire! Dingdong dingdong!
It’s Miss Rabbit’s fire engine.
Hurray!
Stand back, daddies.
Mummy dog, turn on the water.
Aye, aye, mummy pig!
The fire is out.
Hurray!
Thank you for saving us, Miss Rabbit.
No problem! It’s all part of the
service.  The mummy’s fire engine service.
And now that Miss Rabbit
has kindly flooded our garden.
We can all jump up and
down in muddy puddles.
Yes!
I love fire engines,especially
when they made muddy puddles!